DOC-130 | Inverted indexes and Search Alias Views (#1109)
arangodb/docs: 3.10/indexing-inverted.md

  is that you don't need to specify the Analyzers in queries with the `ANALYZER()`
  function, they can be inferred from the index definition.

If you plan on using inverted indexes in Search Alias Views, also consider the
following restrictions:

- All inverted indexes you add to a single `search-alias` View need to have
  matching `primarySort` and `storedValues` settings.
- If inverted indexes of different collections index fields with the same name
  (attribute path), these fields need to have matching `analyzer` and
  `searchField` settings.

## Utilizing inverted indexes in queries

Unlike other index types in ArangoDB, inverted indexes are not utilized
automatically, even if they are eligible for a query. The reason is that AQL
queries may produce different results with and without an inverted index,
because of differences in how `FILTER` operations work for inverted indexes,
the eventual-consistent nature of this index type, and for backward compatibility.

To use an inverted index, add an `OPTIONS` clause to the `FOR` operation that
you want to speed up. It needs to be a loop over a collection, not an array or

> a View. Specify the desired index as an `indexHint`, using its name. If any of
> the attributes you filter by is processed by an Analyzer other than `identity`,
> then you need to enable the `forceIndexHint` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a View. Specify the desired index as an `indexHint`, using its name. If any of
the attributes you filter by is processed by an Analyzer other than `identity`,
then it is recommended to enable the `forceIndexHint` option.
```

Author: Simplified it a bit to "You should enable the `forceIndexHint` option ..." and leaving out that it can be omitted for identity Analyzer - it just makes it more complicated, and I think because of the behavioral differences between inverted index FILTER queries and others, it seems like a good idea to always force the hint.
